Let me analyze the feedback:
1. "the pigs should die the moment other objects land on top of them" - Currently pigs take damage based on collision force/velocity thresholds. The feedback suggests pigs should die instantly when blocks or other objects land on them.

2. "can you add way more birds per level" - Need to increase the number of birds available in each level.

Let me look at the current implementation:

In `physics.js`, the `handleCollisionDamage` function handles collisions. For blocks hitting pigs:
```javascript
// Block hitting pig - lowered threshold from 3 to 1.5 so pigs take damage when falling
// Also check if pig is falling (negative Y velocity) to apply damage more easily
if (isBlock1 && isPig2) {
  const pigVelocity = e2.body.velocity.y;
  const isPigFalling = pigVelocity > 0.5; // Pig is falling down
  const threshold = isPigFalling ? 1.5 : 2.5; // Lower threshold when pig is falling
  if (force > threshold) {
    const damage = Math.max(1, Math.ceil(force / (isPigFalling ? 2.5 : 3)));
    e2.takeDamage(damage);
  }
}
```

The issue is that pigs need to take damage based on force thresholds. For "objects landing on top of them", I need to check if an object (block or another pig) is above the pig and falling down onto it. When that happens, the pig should take massive damage or die instantly.

Let me think about the approach:
1. In collision detection, check if the colliding object is above the pig (higher Y position is actually lower on screen)
2. Check if the object is falling (positive Y velocity)
3. If so, apply much higher damage or instant kill

For the birds per level, I need to go through `levels.js` and add more birds to each level's bird array.


I'll implement a targeted solution to address the instant pig death and bird count expansion. The key is detecting top-down collisions with enough force to trigger an immediate elimination. I'll modify the collision detection to create a more aggressive damage mechanism that instantly kills pigs when objects land directly on them from above.

For the physics interaction, I'll refine the collision damage calculation to include vertical positioning and velocity checks. This ensures that pigs receive critical damage when heavy objects drop onto them with significant downward momentum. The goal is creating a more dynamic and realistic destruction mechanic that rewards precise player targeting.

The code will track object types, calculate force-based damage, and implement a specialized vertical collision detection strategy that prioritizes top-down impacts as lethal events. I'll continue the logic for block and pig interactions, focusing on the specific scenario of a block landing on a pig or a pig landing on another pig. I'll check vertical positioning and falling velocity to determine damage, with an instant kill mechanism for objects falling from above with significant force.

If a block lands on a pig from above while falling, it triggers an instant kill. Otherwise, if the impact force exceeds a threshold, I'll calculate proportional damage based on the force's magnitude. For pig-to-pig interactions, I'll similarly assess vertical positioning to determine potential damage mechanics.

The damage calculation ensures that even low-force impacts cause minimal damage, while high-force impacts result in more significant harm. The instant kill mechanism provides a dramatic consequence for objects dropping directly onto another entity from a height. I'll strategically adjust bird quantities to progressively increase game difficulty across difficulty tiers. Easy stages will have a modest bird count boost, medium levels will see a more substantial increase, and hard levels will feature the most dramatic bird population expansion. This scaling approach ensures players experience incrementally growing challenges while maintaining balanced gameplay progression.

The bird count modifications will create more dynamic and unpredictable level experiences, requiring players to adapt their strategies as the number of avian opponents increases. By carefully calibrating these quantities, I'll create a smooth difficulty curve that feels challenging yet achievable.